even at three months old toki and samba
were much quicker on their feet than we
were so when we met a black rhino it was
we who had to be extra careful it'll be
worse than the seeing but we want to
give them the right signal we don't want
to show them that this is prey I want to
show them this is something to be very
very careful of I decided early on to
try and mimic as closely as possible the
sort of language and lessons that the
Cubs true mother might have used when a
mother cheetah sees danger she lets out
a deep growl I tried to do the same
the Cubs responded by crouching still
prepared for a sudden - to safety I was
so relieved to see that my mimicry
worked with taki and sambal it meant
that we had a way of warning them when
trouble was near good that's exactly the
response that I'd hoped for and they
read our body language in just the same
way as they read the body language of a
mother cheetah they saw the rhino and
then identified it with our caution and
moving away and that's what we need now
they're back to playing have to keep an
eye on Israeli